Dr. Isha's Report. December 16th. Year: REDACTED
I finally managed to make 2 sets of robots with souls in them but I can't have them know who they really are.
I might have to lie to them and tell them that they are robots with someone else's soul who wanted a new life but in actuality...
They were my children who died 4 months ago.
I still can't get them out of my mind but at least this will make me happy to see them again somehow.
These robots are named Model-DO1 and Model-DA1 also known as Dracobot and Dracabot respectively.
I remember the both of them liking dragons when they were younger...
I have to omit the memories of the event and what caused the event, that being the accident of our pet dog.
I also would have to enhance their intelligence so I won't have to deal with school.

Dr. Isha's Report. Feburary 4th. Year: REDACTED + 1
Apparently, I didn't properly omitted Model-DA1's memory. Her memories are still retained from the most part.
It does seem that's more protective of Model-DO1 because of her memories still being there. Luckily Model-DO1's memories were omitted.
I'm worried that she would tell him about the event but she did talked to me about on how she would keep the secret.
It's honestly weird since Model-DA1's memories were restored the moment she saw the permanent body tape and shoes left from the event but not Model-DO1.
It's like he remembers being in the roof but not the event. In fact, he's oblivious of the objects.
They used to spend a lot of time in the roof when they were younger so that explains it a bit, even though Model-DA1 reluctantly stayed with Model-DO1.
I oddly feel at ease.

Dr. Isha's Report. June 12th. Year: REDACTED + 1
Model-DO1 found a friend who wants to become a world known rapper. He said his name was Boyfriend.XML or something. I honestly forgot.
I do hope his friend isn't aware of what happened on that day... Otherwise, he seems nice.

Dr. Isha's Report. June 29th. Year: REDACTED + 1
Model-DO1 seemed conflicted when I saw him earlier this morning and recently today, he came out as Gay in front of me and Model-DA1.
He was worried about the reaction but I'm honestly happy that he came out of the closet. Model-DA1 came out as Bisexual soon after Model-DO1 came out as Gay.
They kept their sexuality a secret because of them being worried about my reaction. Glad I left him for someone else since the relationship was toxic.
I couldn't stop crying about the news. I'm so happy for them...

Dr. Isha's Report. November 8th. Year: REDACTED + 1
DO1 found a creature in the mountains while we were hiking. They wouldn't stop following us but he didn't seem harmful either.
Next thing I know, the creature got inside of our car and came home with us. These creatures were known as Olevadons. Since they couldn't stop following us, and that DO1 liked the Olevadon, we decided to keep it.
They seem friendly enough so no worries, I guess.

Dr. Isha's Report. REDACTED DATE
DA1 had a mental breakdown. She was scratching herself and I saw lots of oil leaking from those cuts. She stopped when she saw me but all I can do is stand there.
She was crying but she was completely silent.
All she can say is sorry over and over again.
I didn't want to omit her memory because it didn't work last time, and it broke while omitting her memories.
All I can do now is comfort her. It seemed to help since she stopped hurting herself afterwards.
I managed to repair the damages myself as if it never happened.

Dr. Isha's Report. REDACTED DATE
I feel guilty for bring my children back. I didn't originally wanted to do this but I really wanted to spend some time with my children again.
I still feel like I'm playing god...
I don't wanna terminate them myself and I don't want them to terminate themselves either.
God what's wrong with me?!
I'm even more worried about their gem on their stomach because if that breaks, the soul will escape and the robot itself will no longer function.
At least this Olevadon is keeping my company so...